in 1999, the national security agency (nsa) launched the center of academic excellence in information assurance education (cae-iae) program. under this program, an institution could receive the cae-iae designation if it passed rigorous curriculum and program requirements. while the cae-iae program initially formed to address the shortage of intelligence community professionals, the program later expanded to address the lack of qualified cybersecurity professionals in the workforce. this spring central connecticut state university is going through the review to be designated a center of academic excellence in cybersecurity (cae-c) and a center of academic excellence in cyber defense (cae-cd). institutions that receive these designations have met the rigorous requirements set forth by the sponsor of the program, the national security agency (nsa). the nsa awards cae designations to institutions that commit to producing cybersecurity professionals that will reduce vulnerabilities in our national infrastructure. the center of academic excellence in cyber defense (cae-cd) designation indicates that your institution is helping reduce threats to our national infrastructure by promoting higher education and research in cyber defense as well as provide the nation with a pipeline of qualified cybersecurity professionals. once a school obtains one of these designations, it can compete for grants like the department of defense cybersecurity scholarship program (dod cysp) and can apply for the national science foundation’s (nsf) scholarship for service program. the national centers of academic excellence in cybersecurity (ncae-c) program is managed by nsa's national cryptologic school. federal partners include the cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency (cisa), the federal bureau of investigation (fbi), the national institute of standards and technology (nist)/national initiative on cybersecurity education (nice), the national science foundation (nsf), the department of defense office of the chief information officer (dod-cio), and u.s. cyber command (uscybercom). ncae-c program aims to create and manage a collaborative cybersecurity educational program that: establishes standards for cybersecurity curriculum and academic excellence;includes competency development among students and faculty; values community outreach and leadership in professional development; integrates cybersecurity practice within the institution across academic disciplines; and actively engages in solutions to challenges facing cybersecurity education. according to the u.s. bureau of labor statistics, employment of information security analysts is projected to grow 35 percent from 2021 to 2031, much faster than the average for all occupations. the median annual wage for information security analysts was $102,600 in may 2021.